What's up, Life in English family? This is the Life in
English podcast. I'm your host, Tony Kaizen. I was sitting
here doing some studying and then watching some tutorials on
YouTube, and as always, before I watched the video, one of
the pre-rolled ad comes on -- somebody trying to sell me
some shit -- and instinctively, I think most of us go for
the "skip ad" button. It doesn't matter what's on the
screen, we're just watching the clock, counting down - five,
four, three, two..."you may skip this ad now," and we skip
that shit. Fuck it! I just wanna watch my video. Get the
fuck off my screen with these ads. Now, two things I want to
share with you today. The first one is from the perspective
of a creator, and what I encourage you to do is to watch
those ads. Let me tell you why. Whatever content you're
watching on YouTube or any other platform that was created
by an individual that's not being backed by some giant
corporation or media company, each one of those videos took
a lot of time and effort to make, my friend. And you might
assume, "Oh, well, it's got 50,000 views. He's already
making a lot of money with every video. I don't need to
watch the ad." Yes, you do. Yes, you do. Because if everyone
thought like that, nobody would watch the fucking ads and
the creator wouldn't get paid. A lot of people think just
because it has a million views, that means he made
$1,000,000 on that video. But if the people don't watch the
ad, nobody's getting paid.And if everybody's skipping all
the ads, nobody's getting paid, bro. You understand? So
support your favorite creators, support your favorite
English teachers, support all independent...I mean support
the people that you love, and appreciate, and that make a
difference in your life. Support them, bro. 30 seconds or 2
minutes of your time is nothing in comparison to what it
would do for the person who created the fucking video you're
about to watch that is either gonna educate or entertain
you. Watch the ad. And it's so funny, man, cos my
nine-year-old nephew understands how to skip YouTube ads
better than me. He was over here a couple of weeks ago and
we were using his PlayStation to watch videos on YouTube and
we were trying to watch a video. The ad came up and
immediately, he clicked on a few buttons and skipped an
"unskippable" ad. I was like, "How the fuck you do that?"
And he showed me. He was like, "You press these buttons and
this button for this reason and you won't see ads for a
little bit, and they won't show you ads like that anymore."
I was like, "Holy shit." And it dawned on me, bro. It dawned
on me. People are getting smarter and smarter. These kids
are learning how to skip ads that are not meant to be
skipped. And what that means is if you're trying to be a
creator, specifically on YouTube or any other social media
platform hoping that your content will be monetized, you
need to understand just trying to rely on ad revenue alone
is a terrible strategy. It's so two-dimensional, bruh, you
gotta get a little more robust in your revenue or your
business model, you know what I'm saying? Just trying to
rely on ad revenue is something that I don't recommend just
because it's so inconsistent and unreliable. You never know
if it's gonna continue to be there. And if it is, you never
know how much it's gonna be, right? But anyway, to all you
viewers and content consumers out there, please support your
favorite creators. I don't...I can't speak for all of them,
but I can speak for many of them when I say we are all
working extremely hard to provide you guys with valuable
content. Most of the time for fucking free, right? You pay
$10 a month for Netflix, but you won't pay your favorite
creator five bucks a month so that they can keep making your
favorite content is fucking bonkers to me. But you know I'm
not mad or judging anyone; that's not the point here. I'm
just trying to put things in perspective for you. Money has
to come from somewhere, bruh, and if you're not going to pay
money, the least you can do for your favorite creator -- not
for everyone, but for your favorites, the one you want to
see succeed -- watch the fucking ads, man! Do whatever
simple thing they're asking you to do that will take 2
minutes of your time or $5 from your year, and support them,
man. Everybody needs support. Alright?
Now, from the other perspective, the second thing I wanted
to share from the perspective of a consumer. Now I'm
speaking to the creators - what this all means, people are
skipping ads more than ever before. We're seeing more ads
than ever before cos everybody is just trying to make a
quick buck but everything's getting commoditized. The
Internet is just crushing all that nonsense. And the only
thing that's going to be left is your brand. This is
something that Gary Vee made very clear to me, and I not
only understand it, I believe it, but that's besides the
point. To all you creators out there that want to monetize
your work or wanna make money off ad revenue or whatever it
is, you've got to understand, we are starting to become...we
have already become blind and deaf to senseless ads that
want nothing more than our email so we can download the
bullshit e-book so you can retarget us with your email
marketing until we buy your course or whatever bullshit.
We're tired of it. We're skipping it as soon as we see it.
Stop trying it.
Provide value first, then ask for money, not the other way
around. That's what that means to me. What it also means is
that you got to focus on creating your brand. You got to
focus on making your content, your product, your service,
your whatever, so fucking good that it does not matter if
you get ad revenue or not. You see what I'm saying? You need
to make your shit so good that even if every person who
watches your video skips the ad, you'll still be creating
enough value for it to come back to you in some way, even if
not immediately. Right? A video so valuable that maybe you
don't get paid for it today, but you raise so much awareness
around you and your work and your brand that other
opportunities you had never even imagined just start falling
into your lap. That's what you do. I think it's so good they
can't ignore you; make it so good that they want to watch
the ads just so you can get paid. That's what made me...I
stopped what I was doing just to record this episode,
because I'm sitting here about to watch this tutorial from a
great teacher, the Net Ninja on YouTube, just in case you
were wondering, and the ads came up and I immediately just
grabbed my phone and said, "I'm going to let the ads play so
he can get at least a little bit of money." I don't know how
much it is, but I want him to get something. It's nothing
for me to sit here and check my notifications for two or
three minutes while the ads run and he gets his money and I
can get back to my fucking free education that he took who
knows how much time to prepare, and record, and edit, and
upload, and share with me for free. So consumers, please,
if you support the creator or the business, the person,
whatever, watch the ads. I mean that literally and
metaphorically. Creators, entrepreneurs, business owners,
artists, please stop trying to make the quick dollar and
thinking short term. Invest in yourself and your craft, your
product or your service, your brand, and give so much value
to your followers, your audience, your customers or the
world that even if you can't monetize your content, the
value is going to come back to you in some way, shape or
form. Those are my recommendations...my recommendation.
Oh, man, I want it to end, like, super smooth and just get
out of here but I fucked up the last line. But anyway, my
friends, those are my recommendations to content creators
and content consumers alike.
Please let me know what you think. Join the Discord Server.
The link will be in the description. Let's start a
conversation, man. I want to know what you guys think about
this, because I really don't think that this gets talked
about enough, both sides of the content creation process -
from the perspective of a creator and a consumer or
business, from the perspective of the owners and operators
and the customers, you know? There's a lot of blindness or a
huge lack of communication that goes on between both sides.
And now that I've been on both sides to some degree, you
know, I just see things in such a different way than I did
five, ten or 15 years ago. You know? But anyway, that's all
I got for you today, man. So please watch those fucking ads.
And creators, please invest more into your craft to make
better shit so that the fucking ads don't even matter,
alright? Please. And support your favorite English teacher.
Goddamn it.